# FAQ

## General

**Q:** Why “Sentinel”?  
**A:** My initial project was FPN Sentinel, and I wanted something that evoked the feeling of watching over the possible FPNs, Sentinel seemed right.

**Q:** It’s called “Street Works Sentinel”, does it also cover Road Works?  
**A:** Yes. I just liked the alliteration of the name "Street Works Sentinel Suite".

**Q:** Where is the supplied test data from?  
**A:** This was generated by a small program I wrote to replicate the structure of Download All My Data files. It is entirely made up. It doesn't contain everything from Download All My Data, but is sufficient to use with both FPN and Management Sentinel.

**Q:** I think something is wrong, what should I do?  
**A:** Please forward any comments onto Kevin Ferguson (me). Be descriptive and explain the process you have undertaken to encounter any issues, where possible.

**Q:** Who created the Street Works  Sentinel Suite, and is there technical support?  
**A:** The Street Works Sentinel Suite was created as a personal project of mine (Kevin Ferguson), something I've worked on on evenings / weekends, as a team of one. I'm happy to help with technical support, but would be doing so when I get free time, so can't guarantee any response times, or if I can accommodate major change requests. I'm very much enjoying the project, and enjoy helping, but no guarantees.

**Q:** Why can’t I just run the executable for the aspect I want to run, instead of going through the launcher?  
**A:** This was designed to be a low user impact way to ensure all of the aspects of the Street Works Sentinel Suite stay updated and problems are quickly resolved on all users’ machines.

---

## Management Sentinel

**Q:** Why can’t I see a staff breakdown graph?  
**A:** Ensure you have imported the data and set a staff “domain” in the File menu. The “Domain” should be your company email address, from the `@`, e.g. `@council.gov.uk`.

**Q:** Why can I only see one record on the staff breakdown graph?  
**A:** The graph utilises data from Street Manager UI logins. If you are primarily using an API, you will only see the API user account activity.

**Q:** How do I see a more detailed view of a staff member/activity report?  
**A:** You can find out more on most charts/graphs within the Management Sentinel by clicking on the bar chart column you are interested in.

**Q:** When I try to get the source data I am directed to a webpage I can’t see, why?  
**A:** To access the Street Manager, Download All My Data page you will need sufficient administrative access. Speak with your account administrator.

**Q:** I work for a Utility, how can I see Management reports for my data?  
**A:** You can switch to a Utility view in the File Menu. Simply disable the Highway Authority tick boxes and enable the Utility tick boxes.

---

## TPI Sentinel

**Q:** Why does TPI Sentinel not use Download All My Data (DAMD) files?  
**A:** TPIs are often generated over longer periods of time, usually one year. As DAMD files can only be exported in one-month sections, this would require twelve exports. The Works tab, etc, can quickly export over one year of data, meaning only three exports. For this reason I chose to use the three exports instead for the TPI module.

**Q:** How do I access specific TPI reports on TPI Sentinel?  
**A:** You can find a breakdown of each TPI under the “Reporting” menu.

**Q:** The figures in TPI Sentinel are slightly different from my API reports, why is this?  
**A:** Reporting elements are configured slightly differently in each program. This can account for small discrepancies in the data. Should you notice larger discrepancies, please contact Kevin Ferguson.

**Q:** Who decided the order of the TPIs?  
**A:** The TPIs are primarily set up to reflect the HAUC TPI Advice note from 2016, though many providers have now created their own. TPI Sentinel attempts to marry the HAUC list with the commonly referenced TPI list authorities use.

---

## FPN Sentinel

**Q:** Are the FPNs listed definite FPNs I can just issue?  
**A:** No. Just as with API providers, FPN Sentinel detects “possible” FPNs to make the process easier. It is for a trained Street Works professional to make the final decision on issuing the FPN.

**Q:** When I try to get the source data I am directed to a webpage I can’t see, why?  
**A:** To access the Street Manager, Download All My Data page you will need sufficient administrative access. Speak with your account administrator.

**Q:** How do I get the S70 distance check to work?  
**A:** You will need an active GeoPlace DataVIA API account for this to work. You can add your DataVIA account credentials under the “File” menu. Once done, you can then check the S70 Distance checkbox and perform a check.

**Q:** FPNs seem different from my API provider list, why?  
**A:** Some API providers process FPNs in a slightly different way to FPN Sentinel. You may find that FPNs appear either earlier or later in the process, but both should eventually show the same FPNs. If you are experiencing a large discrepancy, please inform Kevin Ferguson.

---

## Notice Sentinel

**Q:** I don’t want to use the automatic reference number, how do I change it?  
**A:** Simply type over the suggested reference.

**Q:** Aren’t Section 50s Licenses, not Notices?  
**A:** They are, but are also linked with N and R Notices. Essentially, "License and Notice Sentinel" just sounded a bit long-winded, so I shortened the name to just Notice Sentinel.

**Q:** What sort of database is generated by Notice Sentinel?  
**A:** SQLite.